[Music]
after intercepting nerve gas being sold
the Chechen terrorists in Minsk IMF
agent Ethan Hunt is determined to prove
the existence of the syndicate a
criminal consortium the CIA does not
believe exists hunt is captured by the
syndicate at a record shop in London
while their leader a blond man in
glasses kills the IMF agent stationed
there Hunt escapes a torture chamber led
by syndicate member Yannick bone dr.
winter with the help of disavowed mi6
agent and syndicate operative Ilsa Faust
in Washington DC CIA director Allen
Hundley an IMF field operations director
William Brandt testified before a Senate
committee the IMF currently without a
secretary in charge is controversial
because of his destructive methods and
various misconduct Hunley succeeds in
having the IMF disbanded and absorbed
into the CIA Brandt knowing Hundley will
try to capture hunt warns him to stay
undercover cut off from the IMF hunt
follows his only lead the man in the
glasses later identified as former mi6
agent Solomon Lane six months later hunt
still a fugitive living in Paris luring
a CIA team to a decoy safehouse in
Havana and lists former colleague Benji
Dunn to attend an opera in Vienna
predicting that an assassination attempt
will be made on the Australian
Chancellor at the performance and that
Lane will also be there the two stopped
three snipers including Faust but the
Chancellor is killed by a car bomb and
Lane is still not found Faust drops
hints of lanes plan to a hunt before
leaving Dunn stays with hunt instead of
reporting back to the CIA despite
knowing his action amounts to treason
Hunt blamed the Chancellor's death is
pursued by the CIA's special Activities
Division Brandt contacts Luther stickell
to find hunt before the CIA does Stickle
tracks hunt done and Faust to Casablanca
where they acquire a secret file from
the secure building Faust flees with the
data evading both hunt and syndicate
members although hunt kills the pursuing
agents Dunn reveals he copied the data
onto a second USB Drive as stinkle and
Brandt catch up to them Faust returns to
London attempts to use the file to quit
her mission to infiltrate the syndicate
for her mi6 handler at Lee
compels her to continue whilst
discreetly wiping her drive meanwhile
Ethan learns that the data is an
encrypted British government red box
that requires the Prime Minister's
biometrics to unlock it lanes men
abducted and used Dunnan Fauss to
blackmail hunt into decrypting the data
and delivering it to them hon degrees -
the ultimatum despite protests from
Brandt as part of Hunt's plan Brandt
reveals the location to Hundley at a
London charity auction
Hundley Brandt and athlete take the PM
to a secure room to protect him from
hunt Brandt has the PM confirmed the
existence of the syndicate a project
proposed by Attlee to perform missions
without oversight effectively making the
PM judge jury and executioner a zero
accountability or at Lira Veals himself
as hunt in a mask when the real Atlee
arrives hunt forces him to admit that he
began The Syndicate without permission
and that he has been covering up its
existence after lane hijacked the
project and went rogue
turning the syndicate against him and
mi6 with the PM's biometrics Stickle
discovers the file contains access to
two point four billion British pounds in
various bank accounts which would allow
the syndicate to continue their
operations unnoticed Hunt promptly
destroys the data at the meeting outside
the Tower of London
he tells lane he memorized the data and
offers himself in exchange for done and
Faust done escapes after the bomb on him
is disarmed while Ethan and Faust are
chased through the streets of London by
lanes Men Faust kills vinta in a knife
fight
while Ethan confronts Lane and lures him
into a sealed bulletproof glass cell
where he is gassed unconscious and taken
into custody
Hundley having witnessed an IMF
operations success firsthand returns
with Brad to the Senate committee and
convinces them to restore the IMF by
covering for Hunt and his team after the
meeting
Brandt congratulate Hundley who is now
the new IMF secretary
[Music]